DOC - rearrange ``benchopt`` documentation (#619)
benchopt/benchopt: doc/contrib.rst

    make html
    firefox _build/html/index.html

.. _test_config:

Testing a benchmark
-------------------

> To ensure that the benchmark are reproducible and can be run by other, benchopt provides a set of tools to test that the benchmark is properly formatted, and that it can be installed and run easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that the benchmark is reproducible and can be run by others, benchopt provides a set of tools to test that the benchmark is properly formatted and that it can be installed and run easily.
```

> To ensure that the benchmark are reproducible and can be run by other, ``benchopt`` provides a set of tools to test that the benchmark is properly formatted, and that it can be installed and run easily.

Reviewer 2: to harmonize everywhere: `benchopt` vs bencopt (plain). as far as I'm concerned I find `benchopt` heavier

This page describes the various tweaks that can be made to the benchmark tests.

Basic philosophy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The test run by ``benchopt test`` will make sure that:

1. All classes can be retrieved easily from the benchmark, even when some dependencies are missing.
2. The classes which have dependencies can be properly installed in a new environment and can then be imported.
3. The datasets are compatible with the objective API.
4. The solvers can all be run for a few number of iterations.

> 5. For convex problem, the tests will also check that the solution is optimal for a small enough problem. This test can be deactivated through setting the ``Objective.is_convex`` flag to ``False``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. For convex problems, the tests will also check that the solution is optimal for a small enough problem. This test can be deactivated by setting the ``Objective.is_convex`` flag to ``False``.
```

Test for Solver run
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To ensure point 4, benchopt needs to load at least one small dataset that is compatible with each solver. This is why each benchmark needs to implement at least a ``Simulated`` dataset, that will be used for testing purposes. However, some solvers require different dataset and objective settings to be able to run. There is two way to ensure that a solver can find an appropriate configuration:
> 
> - In the simulated dataset, one can add class attribute ``test_parameters``, which stands for a list of parameters that will be tried to test the solver. For each solver, at least one of this configuration should be compatible (not skipped). See benchopt.github.io/how.html#example-of-parametrized-simulated-dataset
> 
> - The solvers can also provide a ``test_config`` class attribute, which is a dictionary with optional keys ``dataset, objective``. The value of these key should be a dictionary of parameters for the classes ``Dataset`` and ``Objective``, that will be compatible with the given ``Solver``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure point 4, benchopt needs to load at least one small dataset that is compatible with each solver. This is why each benchmark needs to implement at least a ``Simulated`` dataset, that will be used for testing purposes. However, some solvers require different datasets and objective settings to be able to run. There is two way to ensure that a solver can find an appropriate configuration:

- In the simulated dataset, one can add the class attribute ``test_parameters``, which stands for a list of parameters that will be tried to test the solver. For each solver, at least one of these configurations should be compatible (not skipped). See benchopt.github.io/how.html#example-of-parametrized-simulated-dataset

- The solvers can also provide a ``test_config`` class attribute, which is a dictionary with optional keys ``dataset, objective``. The value of these keys should be a dictionary of parameters for the classes ``Dataset`` and ``Objective``, that will be compatible with the given ``Solver``.
```
